but we all know that kids loved you had
grown up and now one Brooklyn salon is
offering the under-15 set a very
sophisticated experience fox5 Stacy
delicate takes us inside a spa that is
made for kids manicures pedicures and
facials oh my
but the clientele here are not your
average spa goers most are under 12 a
kid's dream opened its doors in Clinton
Hill last month dreamt up by former
teacher Sharon dulled Hren I was merging
two worlds I like fashion I like beauty
and gland linkless and I also my career
for these years worth taking care of
children and teaching them there's Nick
jr. instead of reality TV coloring books
instead of gossip magazines and mini
robes and slippers are on their way it's
really an adult experience shrink down
to fit a little kid some of the prices
seem adult like two though there are
back-to-school specials and a fruit or
candy based facial is just $12 hair
treatments can run above 60 bucks but
doldrum says that also pays for time in
the salons Learning Center which is
stocked with educational books and games
and will offer homework help come fall
still not everyone in the neighborhood
is sold
they have manicures pedicures facials no
no that's too young sorry I think we
should wait until they get a little
older some people would say the kids
need to be pampered you guys of course
why not
what's the harmony there's really no
harmony just for kids is a wonderful
idea
Kendu Clark is all for it he brought his
nieces in an 8 year old Shania sickles
was clearly enjoying highlighting
because
you can just sit there relax and Lola
has to tell you to do anything uh just
let the stress melt away right well the
spa is called a kid's dream but they
welcome teens and moms and dads to in
Clinton Hill Brooklyn I'm Stacy delicat
Fox 5 News